add remote varfile doc (#5240)
harness/developer-hub: docs/infra-as-code-management/workspaces/create-workspace.md

sidebar_position: 10
---

A workspace is a named environment that stores Terraform configurations, variables, states, and other resources necessary to manage infrastructure. Each Workspace is mapped to a single state.

> Users can define a Terraform configuration with multiple workspaces to enforce the same desired configuration. Each Workspace creates a different state from the configuration and independent lifecycle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can define a Terraform configuration with multiple workspaces to enforce the same desired configuration. Each Workspace creates a different state with it's own independent lifecycle.
```

Just a suggestion

5. Complete the fields as follows:

    * **Name** - Type a unique name to identify the Workspace. 
    * **Description** - Type an optional description to help identify the Workspace. 
    * **Connector** - Select the Harness connector to use during provisioning. This should provide the cloud credentials for Harness to use during execution. AWS and GCP are supported out of the box. Azure needs to be complemented with environment variables.
    * **Terraform Version** - Specify the Terraform version the configuration supports. This version determines which version of Terraform to use during execution. 
    * **Repository** - Specify the Git configuration for the Terraform configuration files. You should specify the Harness Git connector, repository branch, and file path to the configuration files in the repository.

        ![Add workspace details](./static/new-workspace.png)

6. Select **Save**. 

7. If you need to use either environment or Terraform variables during execution, select the **Variables** tab to define the variables. 

>    * **Environment Variables** can be either String, [Secret](/docs/category/secrets), or a reference to another variable using [JXEL expression](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables/) (it can be in the same or a different workspace or from the pipeline). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Environment Variables** can be either String, [Secret](/docs/category/secrets), or a reference to another variable using [JEXL expression](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables/) (it can be in the same or a different workspace or from the pipeline). 
```

   * **Terraform Variables** Can be provided in the following ways:

>      * **Inline** Users can define Terraform variables within the Workspace. Variables can be either String, [hcl](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/syntax/configuration), [Secret](/docs/category/secrets), or a reference to another variable, using [JXEL expression](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables/) (can be in the same or a different workspace, or from the pipeline). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **Inline** Users can define Terraform variables within the Workspace. Variables can be either String, [hcl](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/syntax/configuration), [Secret](/docs/category/secrets), or a reference to another variable, using [JEXL expression](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables/) (can be in the same or a different workspace, or from the pipeline). 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This suggestion is just to remove an extra line
